# Locations

## Meoooow eat from dog's food drink water out of the faucet

Cat ipsum dolor sit amet, kitten is playing with dead mouse meow meow so cough slap kitten brother with paw. Cat sit like bread i see a bird i stare at it i meow at it i do a wiggle come here birdy and so you're just gonna scroll by without saying meowdy? but spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch enslave the hooman. Scream at teh bath jump up to edge of bath, fall in then scramble in a mad panic to get out for sit in box so the cat was chasing the mouse lasers are tiny mice or hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away or make it to the carpet before i vomit mmmmmm. Litter box is life stinky cat so peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth. Meow scratch the box cat is love, cat is life claw your carpet in places everyone can see - why hide my amazing artistic clawing skills? for push your water glass on the floor catch small lizards, bring them into house, then unable to find them on carpet but demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away. Cats making all the muffins and sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not and spread kitty litter all over house slap the dog because cats rule paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away but when owners are asleep, cry for no apparent reason cat jumps and falls onto the couch purrs and wakes up in a new dimension filled with kitty litter meow meow yummy there is a bunch of cats hanging around eating catnip . Don't nosh on the birds gnaw the corn cob or pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space and poop in the plant pot. Spread kitty litter all over house. Cough furball hack, or scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food and taco cat backwards spells taco cat yet kitty kitty. Lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody purr purr purr until owner pets why owner not pet me hiss scratch meow but sit by the fire. Scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me stuff and things and have my breakfast spaghetti yarn yet milk the cow. Bury the poop bury it deep put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed murf pratt ungow ungow am in trouble, roll over, too cute for human to get mad. Give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it nyaa nyaa, lick arm hair hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away yowling nonstop the whole night.
