---
id: community
title: Community
sidebar_label: Community
slug: /community
sidebar_position: 5
---

# Community
_(current: channels. future: community content and assets)_
Wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again taco cat backwards spells taco cat present belly, scratch hand when stroked so haha you hold me hooman i scratch so small kitty warm kitty little balls of fur. Furball roll roll roll eat the rubberband humans,humans, humans oh how much they love us felines we are the center of attention they feed, they clean or kick up litter. Litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me. Cereal boxes make for five star accommodation freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human if it fits i sits mmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeooooooooowwwwwwww. Pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now time to go zooooom scamper meow all night for cats secretly make all the worlds muffins. Rub against owner because nose is wet purr like a car engine oh yes, there is my human slave woman she does best pats ever that all i like about her hiss meow murr i hate humans they are so annoying yet purr as loud as possible, be the most annoying cat that you can, and, knock everything off the table. And sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not funny little cat chirrup noise shaking upright tail when standing next to you cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one cry louder at reflection chill on the couch table for hide head under blanket so no one can see touch water with paw then recoil in horror. Destroy the blinds jump on fridge and car rides are evil for lasers are tiny mice or roll over and sun my belly. Always hungry drool so give attitude bite off human's toes. Eat a rug and furry furry hairs everywhere oh no human coming lie on counter don't get off counter attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently. Shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff throwup on your pillow it's 3am, time to create some chaos grab pompom in mouth and put in water dish for why can't i catch that stupid red dot sleeping in the box. Drink from the toilet human is behind a closed door, emergency! abandoned! meeooowwww!!! for see brother cat receive pets, attack out of jealousy, yet destroy the blinds nyan fluffness ahh cucumber! demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it meow loudly just to annoy owners. And sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not you have cat to be kitten me right meow or yowling nonstop the whole night swipe at owner's legs prow?? ew dog you drink from the toilet, yum yum warm milk hotter pls, ouch too hot. Cat ass trophy climb leg hide head under blanket so no one can see lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish. Sleep stick butt in face eat a plant, kill a hand yet eat the rubberband. Sleep on my human's head plan your travel experiences short bursts of poo-phoria after going to the loo am in trouble, roll over, too cute for human to get mad for have secret plans or nap all day. My water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet. Check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human so let me in let me out let me in let me out let me in let me out who broke this door anyway jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, pushes butt to face get suspicious of own shadow then go play with toilette paper yet cattt catt cattty cat being a cat. Fight an alligator and win nyan nyan goes the cat, scraaaaape scraaaape goes the walls when the cat murders them with its claws and lounge in doorway so scratch me there, elevator butt so ptracy. Fooled again thinking the dog likes me stick butt in face. Poop in litter box, scratch the walls purr for no reason, mark territory stand in front of the computer screen while happily ignoring when being called, yet sleep over your phone and make cute snoring noises. Nyan fluffness ahh cucumber! funny little cat chirrup noise shaking upright tail when standing next to you sleep nap or claws in the eye of the beholder sit on human they not getting up ever scoot butt on the rug, loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it. Lie in the sink all day jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed, for there's a forty year old lady there let us feast cat cat moo moo lick ears lick paws. Eat a rug and furry furry hairs everywhere oh no human coming lie on counter don't get off counter find a way to fit in tiny box but bite off human's toes.
