# Create a Database Cluster
On the [DO Website](https://cloud.digitalocean.com), you could see a button, most probably on the top right end called Create and it is with a dropdown. You can select `Databases` from the drop down and it should take you the the page where you can create the Database Cluster. On create Database cluster you can choose the datacentre region and then choose a database engine. We could choose any SQL database but at the time being with the Digital Ocean clsuter we choose the `MySQL`.
You can choose the pricing tier that works for you from various configurations that are available. Then give your database clsuter a unique name and select project that you want the cluster to be created in and finally click the `Create Database Cluster` button at the bottom to be able to create the database clsuter. It should take a few minutes and after that your Cluster should be ready to host the databases.
DO Provides extenisve loging and monitoring for your queries running agains the created datbase clsuter which can be viewed under the `Logs & Queries` section. You can also get the connection credentials from the main menu and also manage the users under the `Users & Databases` section. You can also update the Settings/configurations of the created database cluster from the same menu.

## Access and Connecting to the DO Database Cluster
Your DO database clsuter is Public by default but you can always change that setting as per your own requirnments. Also, Digital Ocean creates a VPC along with your Database cluster to offer the ability to be able to connect to the cluster more securily. 
